README.md, before:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

Commit message:

I''''mmmm to sick for this

README.md, after:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
-   [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
-   [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
-   [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
-   [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
-   [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

-   [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
-   [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

For the database I coud either have it based of a speicifc repo and all the categories it's in and fill it in or do the opposite and fill in eachcategory at a time. It might be better to do speicfic repo if one category takes longer than the other.\
I'm thinking of doing multiple calls for each repo which makes the page seem like the data slowly flooding in but it might take longer and more requests. The problem with the other method of getting allt he data in one requets is it puts the user in fornt of a blank screen for longer.\
Also the repos that haven't been put into a category would appaear up top but we only figrue out what repos are not in categories after we send a call to gtihub and find differences between opr data and github. The problem with this is that these repo are going to load in last even though their up top.

Figured it out. I need repo to category to match any repos that have been delted.\
This is because first I would call github and find all the repos he's in. Then I randomly start trying to ping the user db for each repo. If a repo is in a category then it goes into that category else it goes to the top with category section.\
Then if any repo was deleted it wouldn't be asked for data so I coudl rewrite the entire repo db for that user with the current info.\
Shoudl I save all the repos that don't have category in db?
